Rework GPflow introduction. (#1958)
GPflow/GPflow: doc/sphinx/index.rst

GPflow
======

GPflow is a package for building Gaussian Process models in python, using `TensorFlow

> <http://www.tensorflow.org>`_. Gaussian Processes are a kind of supervised learning models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<http://www.tensorflow.org>`_. A Gaussian Process is a kind of supervised learning model.
```
not sure if this is the best rewording, but currently there is a bit of a mismatch between singular & plural.

Author: > not sure if this is the best rewording, but currently there is a bit of a mismatch between singular & plural.

Done.
